according to the Centers for Disease
Control incidents of sexually
transmitted diseases STDs have reached a
record-high in the United States there
were more than 2 million cases of
chlamydia gonorrhea and syphilis last
year we did it guys we made America
great again they say a number of factors
are fueling this new epidemic but mostly
it comes down to tinder and bachelor in
paradise it's do you ever carry a condom
in your wallet dear would you ever carry
a condom in your wallet never you never
did I never did either I was always a
realist you know I was wondering about
today I was wondering if people still do
it so I thought it would be a good
question to ask folks on the streets the
afternoon we went outside we have people
are you carrying a condom on you this is
a game the way it works is we will see
an individual will say hello and then
based solely on that introduction we
will guess together whether that person
is holding a condom okay got it let's
begin hi what's your name where you from
my name is Larry Thomas I'm from Los
Angeles California are you carrying a
condom on you I is Larry from LA
seemed like he was holding a blunt in
his hand or was that my imagination is
he carrying a condom
everyone says yes let's find out yeah no
third he had to think about it for a
second next stop hi what's your name
where you're from my name's Evan hand
and I'm from Chicago Illinois are you
carrying a condom on you is from Chicago
carrying condom everybody says no let's
find out I'm not why not I'm here for
abstinence purity sunshine a place for
that Hollywood Boulevard they call it
purity central it's like alright let's
see another one
hi my name is Martin I'm from Germany
are you carrying a condom on you Wow
everybody says yes Martin from German
does Martin have a condom yes I do
[Applause]
[Music]
it said lust on it too well good luck to
you and your Venus schnitzel Aramark you
know in Germany condoms are called
flugelhorns that's a fact all right who
do we have next
I'm Liana from Philadelphia but I just
moved here are you carrying a condom on
you
he's Emily carrying a condom the
audience is mixed okay we might be
setting someone up for an awkward moment
Oh American um okay we have one more I
believe hi what's your name where you
from Los Angeles are you carrying a
condom on you does al from Los Angeles
have a condom on him
let's find out no good damn pretty weird
out there okay so you know I always
wondered if Weird Al carried economy
they set him up with Emily that's the
fun thing about going outside here you
don't know who's famous or who's posing
as a famous person hey remember by the
way I do want to say it's important to
use protection but in the end the only
truly safe sex is with a cantaloupe okay
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die